Hi, guys, welcome.
That is lecture recognized.
Those are required packages so we need to ensure that our have now ate up to par dot dev.
Okay.
Now the first package we're going to need is the cloud class to search for it via store.
So sure, it's okay.
Click on this first thing over here, then we're going to copy this code.
Then we're going to go to our VSU code that they're going to go to the Prospect Yellow Phi.
Okay, then after this group, Latino Icons, we are going to pierce this.
Okay, for the now we're going to save.
So we're going to go back to this.
There we we're going to go back to the pulp dev.
It goes back to the old page.
Okay.
Now with search as well for Firebase ODS.
Okay, click on this.
Okay.
We're going to click on this first link as well.
Then they're going to copy this.
Okay then.
Test.
Okay.
Now click on the top.
The dev again.
They're going to search for Firebase Store.
Okay.
They're going to click on the Firebase Storage.
Click on this.
Okay.
And test again.
As well.
We're going to go back.
Then we're going to search for the firebase.
All right.
Okay.
Now you're going to see what all this does story.
After this.
Okay.
The taste as well.
Okay, then as well.
12 to dev for Firebase call.
Okay.
Google this for us league again.
Then paste as well.
Okay.
Now, like I said.
Users are going to be able to click image from either the gallery or carrier.
So I saw a package for that and had to get that done.
So I'm going to go back to our browser.
We're going to go back to port there for now to go back to the old page.
They're able to search for a package known as image picker.
Okay.
This you can see we have image because we have image picker here.
So I'm going to go with this image picker that as we tested this.
Okay.
So as well, we're going to talk to this.
Is this okay now also or lastly, at least for the provider, which we're going to use as our state
management.
Okay.
So we're going to click on this provider.
And copy this.
Is this okay?
Now we can use control and s to save.
Then of their vacancies already get in the package way for any reason you can speak on this.
I think probably we have the issue.
If this.
Who's going to close this
place or I think we have its place.
Okay.
I'm sure that said.
We need to hide.
Okay.
Now, I'll never wait for this.
Probably done already.
Okay, great.
Now it is always needs for remember we just we just integrated base.
We also added all this package.
So it's very for for you to restart your vehicle.
So what we're going to do is I going close the vertical not to get all the changes they've made so far.
So a little closed this vertical then what you can do is to.
We start to click on it again.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.